react-dom.development.js:29895 Download the React DevTools for a better development experience: https://reactjs.org/link/react-devtools
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:240 ✅ Received valid JWT token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIs... (length: 309)
LoginPage.tsx:58 Login successful, navigating to dashboard
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:240 ✅ Received valid JWT token: eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIs... (length: 309)
LoginPage.tsx:58 Login successful, navigating to dashboard
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
useAuth.ts:116 ✅ Token corruption check completed - valid tokens preserved
